So friends, ICICI LBAD has disclosed its quarter one
numbers.  So let's
see what's inside the quarter one numbers
in the data lax I'm
telling you in the cross.  So, if we talk about the last quarter,
in the last quarter the
company had generated a total income of Rs 5851 crore.
Last year it was around Rs 5351 crore,
whereas if you look at it now, you can see it increasing to Rs 683 crore.
So if you
look at the company year by year and quarter by quarter,
you will see that the total income of the company is increasing.  You
can roughly say that
you saw a growth of around 14% year on year.
If we go on quarterly basis, then on
quarterly basis also there is an
increase of around 4% in the total income of the company.  So if you
look at the total income of the company, you can
see it increasing quarter after quarter year after year.
Let's see what the company's expenses are.
So see,
in the last quarter the company had spent Rs 5435 crore.
Last year it was around Rs 4850 crore, whereas if you
look at it now, you can see the company spending Rs 5429 crore.
So if we
look at the expenses, the company's expenses are also fine.
You can see them in control.
And if you look at the operating profit of the company, then the
operating
profit of the company last year was around Rs 501 crore.
Whereas if we look at it now, it has increased to
around Rs 654 crore.  Whereas
in the last quarter you saw around Rs 415 crore.
Let us
see what the net profit of the company turns out to be.  If we
look at the net profit, there was a profit of Rs 59 crore in the last quarter.  If we
talk about last year, it was
around Rs 580 crore, whereas if we
look at it now, you can see it increasing to Rs 747 crore.
So if you look at the net profit,
you can see it increasing quarter after quarter year after year.
You can roughly say that there is an increase of around 30%
in the net profit of the company year after year,
whereas if we go on quarterly basis, then on
quarterly basis there is an increase of around 45 to 50%.
So
you are seeing a significant increase in the company's profits.
What is the company's stock?
Profit of Rs 747 crore in this quarter whereas the
market estimate was around Rs 620 crore.
So, if you look at the market estimates,
you are seeing better profits of the company.
Let us
see what the NPA and EPS of the company turn out to be.
So if we talk about the last quarter, the
company's EPS in the last quarter was
around ₹10.29.  If we talk about last year, it was
₹11.77, if we look at it now, it has increased.
₹15.6 is what you get to see go.
And if we talk about NPA, then in the NPA
section, the company has
kept everything blank.  So
you are not seeing NPA here.  If we
look at it overall, you can say that the numbers are
looking good.  You have seen the total income of the company
increasing.  There was
a significant increase in the company's profits
and
you saw the company's profits being better than what the market had estimated.
So that's all for today.  If you
like the video then please like it.
Also, please subscribe to the channel.
Thank you.